# AutoNet

This is a project that I am working on for the automated creation of neural network models using Tensorflow. The current implimentation works for classification and regression. In the future I hope to be making the code compatable for both Windows, Unix, and Linux, systems. The train function is also subject to change soon. This code is still actively in development and the structure is not definite. For example at the moment the file creation method asks for a model name. This could cause problems and that ability will most likely be depricated.
 
##Dependecies:

The only dependencies that exist are those needed to run tensorflow. For the list of all dependcies go to the tensorflow installs webpage [here](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/).

##Examples:

For an example of what type file the software creates open look at the 'example.py' file. The code will walk the user through the process of creating one of these files if you run the 'fileCreation.py' and call the 'run' method the code will walk you through the paramters choices and creating the neural network. After all data has been collected a file will be written out containing the model structure, and methods needed to train the model.

##Using a Model File:

To use a file that was generated by this code you just need to have tensflow installed and an instance of python. First run the file in a python interactive session, once the file has been run you should see a method that is named what ever you named the model, a 'train', 'Cost', and an 'Optimizer' method. To actually train the model you just need to need to pass the inputs and outputs as a numpy arrays into the train method. Below is a sample call where the inputs are named 'X' and the expected outputs 'Y'.
	
	train(x_=X,y_=Y) 


